did you ever understood in Stein's
theory of relativity don't worry it
seems that only a few passed that test
but this amazing machine is going to
help us on this it's going to show us
not only a new kind of cafe racer but
also what is relativity it has nothing
to do with beauty but to understand it
properly you have to make the effort of
looking to this remarkable Suzuki during
the next three minutes a heavy task but
someone's got to do it
welcome
- racer TV
I was thinking about the best word to
describe this machine and I found out
several contradictions it's a very good
mixture of features flashy but using
discrete surfaces powerful engine but
irrelevant in some corners wide and long
but not big and the general profile has
a fresh and French flavor this is the
project of GME mag greed owner of kiki
shop customs if you still remember this
Ducati Monster then you will recognize
GME's talents as a pro builder the
project started with this 1983 suzuki
750 g sx e
as you see Jeremy left the original bike
unrecognizable
and did also a great favor to this let's
just say uninteresting machine with two
wheels
curiously only the engine front frame
and the fuel tank are the original parts
all the rest came out from the 1000 GSXR
k-6 Jeremy - all from his head no
sketches were made in this project the
main idea was building a bike inspired
in the Grand Prix motorbikes from the
70s but let's talk about the size do you
think this spike is big or small it
seems big enough isn't it
well not exactly as you see it's much
smaller than you thing and this
demonstrates what I Stein said once
about relativity put your hand in a hot
stove for a minute and it seems like an
hour sit with a pretty girl for an hour
and it seems like a minute
that's relativity
thank you for watching rates and TV and
as always I hope to see you next week